# Exercise 2
## Pointers


1.  Read `stack.c`, which should be in this directory.  What is it
intended to do?  What would the output be if the program worked as
expected?

This code should create an array that is contains 5 values all with the
value 42. It then attempts to print all these values on a new line.
The function bar() creates an array that contains 0-4, however I can
not explicitly determine if it is meaning to overwrite the other array or just
create a new array and do nothing with it.


2.  Compile it.  Do you get a warning?  What does it mean?

Yes, the warning I am getting is indicating that the function foo is returning a pointer
to a piece of memory in the stack. The stack is then getting destroyed when that function is
completed so the memory is overwritten.

3.  Run it.  What happens?  Can you explain it?  You might find it
helpful to draw a stack diagram.

Every value in the array except for the second one is a zero. What happens is that the stack is 
being erased after foo() and bar() run. The second value is one that is higher up in the stack (older) than 
the first value. So My guess is that it is the return address for the main method?

4.  Comment out the `print` statements in `foo()` and `bar()` and run
it again.  What happens now?

Now the address of "array" is being printed. I notice that it is the same in both functions. This is because it is being allocated at the same spot in the stack.

5.  Add comments to the code to explain these experiments and the results,
then check the code in to the repo.

Moral: Don't return pointers to stack allocated data!
